TW-1568 update installation instructions for Linux (#5250)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/installation/installation-and-updates.md

> 

Reviewer: We support additional distros like CentOS, Arch Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and a few others

Author: I need to get a better list of these. I'll discuss offline.

> The support of certain Linux distributions depends on if they're supported by Electron. Refer to [Electron's documentation](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/development/build-instructions-linux).

> You can install Postman on Linux by installing from the [Snap](https://snapcraft.io/postman) store page, or with the command `snap install postman`. You can also [download](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) the latest version of Postman and unzip and untar the file with the command `tar zxf linux_64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Postman on Linux from the [Snap](https://snapcraft.io/postman) store page or by using the command `snap install postman`. If installing from the command line, first ensure that you’re set up for [snaps](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd). Alternatively, you can [download](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) the latest version of Postman and unpack the file using the command `tar zxf linux_64`.
```

> Postman recommends installing using [Snap](https://snapcraft.io/postman) because it includes all the libraries the app needs and they're bundled with the app itself.

### Create a Linux launcher icon

> To start the app from a launcher icon, install the desktop file, located in the bundle, into a `applications` subdirectory of a path contained in [`$XDG_DATA_DIRS`](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html) (for example `~/.local/share/applications/`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start the app from a launcher icon, install the desktop file, located in the bundle, into an `applications` subdirectory of a path contained in [`$XDG_DATA_DIRS`](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html) (for example `~/.local/share/applications/`):
```
